Enable CppCheck & fix some issues it detects in the code (#247)
projectNe10/Ne10: CMakeLists.txt

if(IOS_PLATFORM AND IOS_DEMO)
    add_subdirectory(ios)
endif()

# This may run the static code analyzer CppCheck on all the project sources,
# if it is available on the system.

> # NOTE This only works wit hcmake 3.10 or later

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# NOTE This only works with CMake 3.10 or later
```
